[Alerts][Docs] Alert types doc update. Added refs to applications specific alerts groups. (#91787)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/alerting/alerting-getting-started.asciidoc

--

> Alerting allows you to detect complex conditions within different {kib} apps and trigger actions when those conditions are met. Alerting is integrated with {observability-guide}/create-alerts.html[Observability], {security-guide}/prebuilt-rules.html[Security], <<geo-alerting, Maps>> and <<xpack-ml, ML>>, can be centrally managed from the <<management,*Management*>> UI, and provides a set of built-in <<action-types, actions>> and <<alert-types, alerts>> (known as stack alerts) for you to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alerting allows you to detect complex conditions within different {kib} apps and trigger actions when those conditions are met. Alerting is integrated with {observability-guide}/create-alerts.html[*Observability*], {security-guide}/prebuilt-rules.html[*Security*], <<geo-alerting, *Maps*>> and <<xpack-ml, *Machine Learning*>>, can be centrally managed from <<management,*Stack Management*>>, and provides a set of built-in <<action-types, actions>> and <<alert-types, alerts>> (known as stack alerts) for you to use.
```
